Clarify integration quality scale expectations for new integrations (#3233)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/core/integration/contributing_to_core.md

This scale defines a set of rules that an integration should follow to be considered of a certain quality level.
The rules cover various aspects of an integration, such as documentation, testing, code quality, and more.

> New integrations must address all the [bronze] level rules of the integration quality scale.

Reviewer: Hmm, so I'm wondering how people perceive "addressing a rule", as in, I think it reads more like "the rule must be set to done" than the previous statement. 

I think we could remove "at least" from the previous statement and that would incentivise less people to reach a higher level, because in the end I do want more people to get basic rules from the getgo, like icon translations and device classes

> New integrations must address all the [bronze] level rules of the integration quality scale.

Author: ```suggestion
New integrations must reach the [bronze] level of the integration quality scale.
```
